{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15680\viewh13340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Hi! My name is Emily. I am an artist, designer, and educator in Baltimore, MD. I work at the Baltimore Museum of Art in the Education Department running public programs and in-gallery educational experiences. My goal is to create tools that help visitors to better understand artworks, concepts, and histories in informal educational spaces, such as museums. \
\
I grew up in Baltimore, MD in a neighborhood called Bolton Hill. We lived there until I was 15 years old and then my family moved to a neighborhood called Roland Park. After graduating high school, I went to college in Chicago, Illinois, which focused on fine arts. I lived in Chicago for seven years going to school and working at a number of different museums and companies. In 2015, I moved back to Baltimore to be closer to my family. I now live with my boyfriend in a neighborhood in the city called Patterson Park.\
\
List of foods I like to cook:\
My hobbies include spending time with family and friends. One my my greatest passions is cooking, a tradition I learned from my father. My favorite recipes to cook are: \
	- Eggplant Parmasean \
	- Boeuf Bourguignon\
	- Chicken Mirabella \
	- Roasted Salmon\
\
One of my favorite pastimes is to watch cooking videos, tutorials, documentaries, and food-exploration/travel shows.  These shows inspire me to be creative, experimental, and daring with my cooking and, thankfully, I have a wonderful boyfriend who gets to be my guinea pig when I\'92m trying out new recipes!  }